We'll focus on 4 mains Sites Domains(Gmail,AOL,ATT, Other)

1 Campaign can have multiple createive, and 1 create creative can have multiple templates

Match.com (campaign)
(creative xMas pictures different contents)
xMax(Creative)
(Template1, different content different subject line)
(Template2, same content but maybe different style of templates)

Sample tempalte is in the template folder 1234-a.tpl


1) load sendmail.sql and domain sql into databse
2) run deployment.php

Campaign Management

New Info
In Campaign when you click "New info", a new window will pop up and allows you to add offer info.
Offer (Online Dating-Match.com)
Domain (Gmail)
Advertiser (name of advertiser)
Network (network of advertiser)
Cluster (Like server group, currently we only need cluster 1 for server1-10)
template (databse of email template like 8bit, 16bit and different styles of templates)


New Campaign
Once you added Info you can create a campaign from the dropdown.





Deployment Management

Domain Management
We must be able to save our (from and redirect) domains for each site Domains(Gmail,AOl)
Please add a dropdown for the domains, so chichi is for yahoo, facebook is for gmail and sleep.net for ATT and so on.
Choose domains
choose redirect
choose Ips

Example email
From: sales@chichi.com
To: target@gmail.com

Click here to get your free stuff <a href="redirect.com">click</a>


Template Management
top left allows you to choose the template, There's a dropdown to let you choose to display the templates created today or within 7 days depends on how you filter it.

Template Generator allows you to choose the frome line and subject line provided by the advertiser.
Template style is the template we create in the info tab

At the bottom you can choose the templates saved on the remote drive
Once you made an update, a rendered page will be shown on the right.



Test & Send
1) choose creative
2) Choose templates, 1 createive can have multiple templates
3) choose volume to be tested
4) choose list(see below) to be mailed.
   -This is another big part. We must be able to compare our list against the advertiser's list to create a new list for deployment.

Bulk setup is a scheduleing mail. 

